what if you go anything can happen have
been crazy already yeah
Jimmie Johnson leads Jeff Gordon down 15
car Paul Menard on the inside there's
Almirola the car that's one lap down
remember Biffle behind him the 16 needs
to get around the eight car to get that
free pass for the next caution flag and
it will be a next caution flag we are at
Martinsville
we're BJC Biffle got a nice little run
up off the corner there on a turn for
the but also the being on the inside
there and jr. on the outside he can't
make the pass that he's willing to write
yet but he's going to try it right now
gonna make it three wide not sure this
is going to work
somebody
sometimes you got to take that chance we
see the eight car get a little bit loose
for position MacMurray going by her
junior for the fourth spot Jamie
McMurray's got a very good race car
despite the tight getting the bomb in
the spin on lap 81 and by the way that
contact came from the 88 car
nice job these guys racing hard back
here
in the middle of that Martin Truex Jr
Kyle Busch in the 18 car being shown
three left out he just joined our
coverage he was a lap down and had an
issue with a melted right front be
stopped on the racetrack to bring out
the caution flag and NASCAR didn't held
him to laps in the pits a penalty for
stopping on the track for the lead here
he'd wrestled the lead away from Jimmie
Johnson in traffic that was a very
important option but very aggressive
move down in the corner you can see they
were right on the limit of braking
getting in there these two guys his
teammates have finished one two in
NASCAR Sprint Cup racing eight times of
those eight times Jeff Gordon has won
five of them and Jimmie Johnson has won
three but the last time they finished
one two here spring a year ago remember
that finished bumpin and rubbing and
pushing and shoving it was Jimmie
Johnson had got the win that day this
race is shaping up to end the same way
with these teammates going at it
somebody else might have to step up and
see if they can become a part of it
looks like Jimmie Johnson might be just
a little bit loose right now
back there third spot that might give
these guys a run for their money
that 99 car has been fast all day and
now we seem in third spot
basically with K'Ehleyr traffic yeah
that's run by car lives with this
racetrack by far no other active driver
has won as many times at Martinsville as
Jeff Gordon has he's a seven-time winner
at this racetrack and we asked him about
the reason for his success at this point
it took several hundred and maybe even
thousand or more laps to really get a
grip on Lawrenceville but
when we did you know we just went on a
tear and not necessarily all wins with
won a lot but you know even when we're
not winning work
we're fats were running good
we've got a lot of second-place finishes
here as well a finished second here back
in March finished third here back last
fall
I swept both events here back in 2003
from the pole and again they 2005 won
both races at this racetrack
I could have shortened that answer for
him by quite a bit just saying their
talent and the willingness to change his
driving style because what he tried to
do when he first came here along with a
lot of other drivers wasn't working and
Jeff was willing to change that here
whenever he was testing and so a better
way to get around here obviously worked
awfully well for him
I love that was short or nothing what he
said anyway six and thirty one car
Burton and reggae that's fifteen to the
sixteenth
golfcart Ryan Newman behind him good run
for Rhinebeck in seventy spotted Matt
Kenseth now back on the lead lap at 18th
position in the 17 car he was an
incident earlier Badou nemecheck
together you can see the car got a lot
of damage where they fixed it taped it
up but he's still hanging right in there
so is one Pablo Montoya he's hanging
right in there and actually looks like
he's gonna get by man big red maybe what
they used to describe his brakes but
that is he's been having some brake
issues and they certainly been glowing
but he's hanging on in
right behind those guys the AJ
Allmendinger in the tin car and then
Michael Waltrip in the 55 having a nice
run also travis kvapil there after his
earlier spin he's still on the lead lap
also these guys were running 20th 21st
22nd battling for that see Michael able
to take that spot away
Ray J Allmendinger he's really the only
you lay there and hammock are they still
out there running a cake
back home the racetrack after extensive
repairs to his number 19 Dodge
mentioned michael waltrip having a
pretty good run how about the 44 car of
david reutimann now being shown up in
12th position trying to hold off the
charge of Kevin Harvick Dave and that
gets interesting how strategy works out
remember how staying out on a certain
round of pit stops hurt Greg Biffle
while on that same round of pit stops
most
four tires David Reutimann he took on
two tires and that worked out for him
that jumped them from somewhere in the
20s up into near the top ten
so it worked out for them they had
enough fuel to go that full run now just
trying to keep that position for the
rest of the day
trying to stay in front of the 29 car
couple anxious bond boots moment ago for
the 31 car Jeff Burton dodging some
traffic down in turns one and two is
what happened to the 30 would watch him
going in the corner
he starts wheel hop in the car lock the
rear wheels up getting in the corner
underneath sam hornish
284 laps are in the books it has been
the Jeff and Jimmy Show at Martinsville
Speedway Jeff Gordon is our leader back
after this message and a word from our
ABC stations
you